m times perhaps the most famous western
So
and he is being written by military journals.
factory news bulletins he's main
TV star of the tank world
the most modern Russian tank t 90
they are both passengers in the west often not
remembers
nato experts
about 90 climate is outdated
Is it really true?
All-Russian day of running
but is it worth American and
back
the uninitiated can
think that this car is of different classes
t 90 much easier for americans 47 tons
vs 60 4 oct he is much more compact
does not look so impressive
however, in the global arms markets these
machines are not direct competitors and this
due to their capacity we can be
today is very and machine security
simple comparison of injuries
can't
you need to know what the building consists of and
Abrams used depleted uranium
fans 90 built-in dynamic protection
approval of the Americans
frontal armor hydromassage proved
its reliability during the war in iraq
ninety-first and in 2030
it can withstand the hit of the Soviet
125 caliber armor piercing shells
millimeters
it does not say that
what is it about oaz
you yourself decommissioned as early as 70
third years
moreover modern
shells share abramson then not
fired
but chose t 90
during the test fired
the latest subcaliber
preventive shells
the truth is not worth going along with the most
modern projectile 120
in china brazil
condition 200 meters
on the neck of the projectile
after that the car came under its own power
to the observation deck
then without repairing an abortion
people just set you up
improved
from grenade launchers
The result is the same
armor is not broken
damage only airborne protective
screen
during the fighting in iraq in 2030 Spartak and
Abrams made their way from rpg 7 and grenades
even the very first samples
in iraq revealed weaknesses and
france
auxiliary power unit
tass
providing work throughout
electronics at the moment
when the main engine is plugged
its easy going on caliber but machine gun
here and 92 force is under
main building
besides t 90 even in standard
performance
equipped with optical complex
electronic suppression rzh
this system goes off enemy missiles
the side
Abrams bullet of such equipment
there were situations of american tank
unlikely to be able to resist in
guided missile 90 launched in a year
decent gun
hp workstations
five kilometers
accurate firing in this case
approaching absolute
rocket can shoot from the place and movements
residents use
no special skills required
to patrimony
power guns t 90 e bronze approximately
are equivalent
armor penetration domestic
tungsten shells with nothing
inferior to its competitor
American projectile cores
from depleted uranium
similar shells have been developed and we
but they are extremely harmful for their crew
mass production was
postponed for a rainy day
he can destroy not only
armored targets
but as the military say there kapa his
living force
That is, the protection of freeloaders
in the calculations
in this region the air is significantly
surpasses m
ammunition of our tank includes
fragmentation shrapnel projectile and with
remote undermining
but you can blow right over your heads
enemy soldiers
in conclusions on the ice
Alas, there are no such projectiles
For a long time, not without the help of Western
military magazines
it was believed that electronics and
optical devices to ours
as they say imperfect
in fact
fire control complex at 90
not inferior to NATO counterparts
moreover, this bank belongs
unofficial power record and
rate of fire from the stands
on one of the demonstrations
foreign delegations to workers
and 90 thousand
all 54 seconds
and hit hard real targets
located at a distance
two and a half kilometers
firing the outcome at a speed of 25 kilometers
at one o'clock
official record holder german
leopard 2 in difficult conditions affects
one goal less
playing guided missiles amp t 90 possesses
longest arm easel
earlier versions of the t 90 acted quit
mobility
with the advent of a thousand strong engine
our tank is almost on par with Abrams
by this most important indicator
dad cross-country these two tanks in general
cannot be compared
at the arms exhibition in abu dhabi
in 93, I will tell you right away
material student on the usual slope
exhibition center friend
our tank on competitive
almost 3 thousand passed tests
kilometers by impassable
malay gilbert off-road in which
make it competitors
he showed himself brilliantly during
march in the indian desert also arena
exceeding 50 degrees
an indispensable combat requirement
future technology high
computerization of machines
in the near future on 3 90 will install a new
satellite equipment
navigating this way abrams
lose his last
advantage over our country
today up to 90 exceeds and
overgrown by most indicators but
absentee competition finish
possibility of their modernization
almost exhausted
on the battlefield soon introduced tanks in
next year